docs: include mfa session option for ssh access control (#29011)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/server-access/rbac.mdx

      # Optional: Session recording mode for SSH sessions.
      # If not set, the value set on default will be used.
      ssh: best_effort|strict

>     # require_session_mfa require per-session MFA for any owner of this role

Reviewer: Is it optional? Is there a default value? Also:

```suggestion
    # require_session_mfa requires per-session MFA for any owner of this role
```

Author: Yes, it's optional, please see update

      # Optional: Session recording mode for SSH sessions.
      # If not set, the value set on default will be used.
      ssh: best_effort|strict

>     # require_session_mfa requires per-session MFA for any owner of this role.

Reviewer: Is "owner" the right term here? Are you referring to users to whom this role is applied?

Author: That's the same language copied from https://goteleport.com/docs/access-controls/reference/.  Basically who's assigned the role.  We can change in both places assigned is better.

>     # require_session_mfa requires per-session MFA for any owner of this role.
>     # Optional: the default is false.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Require an additional MFA tap to start new sessions.
    # Optional: the default is false.
```
